Added documentation text (#24)
geocaml/ocaml-topojson: README.md

  ]);;    
- : (Topojson.t, [ `Msg of string ]) result = Ok <abstr>
```

> ## An example of reading a raw JSON string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Reading a JSON string
```

> To read a raw JSON string into the TopoJSON library, you need a JSON parser.In this case use Ezjsonm.

Reviewer: This is already explained just above.

Author: @patricoferris Noted with thanks.

 `module Topojson = Topojson.Make (Ezjsonm_parser);;`

For instance we can explore a raw JSON string:

```ocaml
# let topojson_string =  {|{
    "arcs": [[[0.0, 0.0], [0.0, 9999.0], [2000.0, 0.0], [0.0, -9999.0], [-2000.0, 0.0]]],
    "objects": {"example ": {
            "type": "GeometryCollection",
            "geometries": [
                {"coordinates": [4000.0, 5000.0],
                 "properties": {"prop0": "value0"},
                 "type": "Point"},
                {"arcs": [[0]],
                 "properties": {"prop0": "value0", "prop1": {"this": "that"}},
                 "type": "Polygon"}
            ]
     }},
    "transform": {"scale": [0.0005, 0.0001], "translate": [100.0, 0.0]},
    "type": "Topology"}|};;
val topojson_string : string =
  "{\n    \"arcs\": [[[0.0, 0.0], [0.0, 9999.0], [2000.0, 0.0], [0.0, -9999.0], [-2000.0, 0.0]]],\n    \"objects\": {\"example \": {\n            \"type\": \"GeometryCollection\",\n            \"geometries\": [\n                {\"coordinates\": [4000.0, 5000.0],\n                 \"properties\": {\"prop0\": \"value0\"},\n     "... (* string length 595; truncated *)
```

> You can then make use of the Topojson method `Topojson.of_json` that takes in the JSON string as an input and converts the it to a topojson object `(a type {!t})` or an error. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then make use of the TopoJSON function `Topojson.of_json` that takes in the JSON string as an input and converts it to an OCaml value representing a TopoJSON object or an error. 
```
